Add the ability to retry on reset connection to service-routers (#12890)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/service-router.mdx

      type: 'bool: false',
      description: 'Allows for connection failure errors to trigger a retry.',
    },
    {
      name: 'RetryOn',
      type: 'array<string>',

>       description: `Allows retrying requests for a list of conditions. One of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: `Allows Consul to retry requests when the requests meet a specific set of conditions. You can specify one of the following lists:
```
Is that what this means?

Author: Yes. How about this? `Allows Consul to retry requests when they meet one of a set of conditions. The available conditions are:`

Reviewer: That's pretty good. We can probably even trim it down a bit more and improve consistency with the style guide:

`Allows Consul to retry requests when they meet one of the following sets of conditions:`

Author: Updated
